Previously on This Is Us...
Nick, Franny...
-KEVIN: Yeah.
-This is your cousin Hailey.
KEVIN:
Oh, beautiful.
MADISON:
Aw, look at her.
The new Big Three.
RANDALL:
We are so happy you are here.
I think we have to remember
how much pressure
she's under, you know,
and to take great care not to...
exacerbate said pressure.
You're trying to tell me
how to speak to my daughter?
No, ma'am.
No. I-I-- Mm-mm.
TOBY: Earlier today,
when I was on the phone with work,
I got laid off.
And I've been torturing myself
for the last few hours
'cause I knew I had to tell you,
but I didn't want to ruin
today.
KATE:
You are never gonna ruin anything.
Okay?
Let's just be a family today.
("How Lucky" by Kurt Vile
and John Prine playing)
♪ ♪
JACK:
You ready
to bathe three brand-new babies
back-to-back-to-back?
We're about to find out, aren't we?
(chuckling)
(sighs)
I got it all set up here.
JACK:
Yeah?
Let's go grab them.
(water splashing softly)
♪ Today I walked down the street ♪
Hey, I'm just using the Palmolive.
That's okay, right?
I'm kidding.
Okay. How 'bout a little massage
after your bath, milady?
-Hmm?
-(coos)
-TOBY: How's she doing?
-She's good.
Let me get in on this here.
♪ How lucky ♪
Ready?
Wax on,
wax off.
♪ ♪
Hey.
Time to get up.
You're up.
-Already? I just fed them.
-Yeah.
I know.
Come on.
-(sighs) Come on.
-♪ I bronzed my shoes ♪
♪ And I hung 'em
from the rearview mirror ♪
(groans, exhales)
♪ Bronzed admiration ♪
-I feel like all I do is breastfeed.
-Aw.
And, oh, my God, I am wearing cow pajamas.
I am literally a dairy farm.
-(babies crying)
-Okay!
All right.
Hang on, guys.
(grunts)
(crying continues)
♪ ♪
You think we have enough for two babies?
...uh, making his first, uh, appearance
on network television tonight.
A short appearance...
THE MANDALORIAN:
Grogu, give me the ball.
Come on.
(grunts)
Looking at you in the face, Monique,
-you're not remorseful.
-Not right now.
-(overlapping arguing)
-♪ Yeah, scratched my head ♪
♪ And lit my cigarette ♪
(whispers):
Don't you be a Monique.
♪ There was all these things ♪
♪ That I don't think I remember ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ How lucky ♪
♪ Can one man get? ♪
♪ Today I walked down the street ♪
♪ I used to wander, yeah ♪
They really are beautiful.
♪ And made myself a bet ♪
♪ There was all these things ♪
I can't stop staring at 'em.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ How lucky ♪
KATE:
She's perfect.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ How lucky can one man get? ♪
♪ ♪
-Hey.
-Hi.
-(sighs)
-You know you can't hide out here forever.
I'm not hiding.
I'm just enjoying the view.
-The view is a fence.
-(chuckles softly)
And you brought out a heater.
And a-a coffee maker?
All right, look,
I'm grateful that your mom
came to watch the girls
while we were in New Orleans.
But we've been home for a while,
and she's still here.
And even though I love family,
it is not easy being around you two.
The tension is thick,
and the porch is...
not inside.
She follows me around with a Swiffer.
I mean, I know how to keep a home,
-Randall.
-I know you do.
Anytime the girls don't use a plate,
she looks at me
like I raised a pack of wolves.
I hear you.
Thank God she's leaving tomorrow.
She wants to have a big
family dinner before she goes,
and I am gonna pull out all the stops.
I'm telling you,
her favorite curry chicken.
-Uh-huh.
-Mm-hmm.
-Linen napkins.
-Carol's Last Supper.
Oh, no, no. It's much more than that.
It's the "make a perfect dinner to prove
"that I'm a capable mother
so she can stop judging me" supper.
Oh, good.
I love a dinner with something to prove.
Come in from the porch.
Coming in from the porch.
(sighs) Do we have to watch this?
BETH: Hey!
You're supposed to be making lunch
before your afternoon classes.
Tess,
that phone can wait
until after school, okay?
I'm texting with Alex
who's in my math class.
Technically, it's school-related,
so I'm good.
ANNIE: I want to watch NCIS.
Annie, that's for old people. No.
-Grandma got me into it.
-I don't care.
ANNIE: Mark Harmon's a dreamboat.
-DEJA: A dreamboat?
-BETH: Hey, girls, come on.
DEJA: What are you, like, 65?
ANNIE: You've been watching TV all day.
That's not fair.
Ladies. Ladies.
Turn off the television.
Let's clean up this mess.
Tess?
Let's see if we can find
something healthy in the kitchen.
Mama C, what time
does your train leave tomorrow?
You trying to get rid of me, Randall?
I-- No, ma'am.
-I was just...
-Well, that's good.
Because Amtrak
has a "no change fee" policy,
so I delayed a week.
Seems you could use an extra set
of hands around here.
Darling, throw these
in the garbage, please.
And this.
(lock clicking)
-Hey.
-Hi.
-Look at you, person who showered.
-Yeah.
And I brought you something special.
You are not a cow.
You are a beautiful woman.
So I bought you...
a beautiful dress.
And I was thinking maybe tomorrow night
we invite Kate and Toby over for dinner.
I already checked with Natasha.
She's fine to stay and help out.
So, you know, we sit down,
we have a meal at a table.
What do you say?
Can I pump and have a half glass of wine?
Yeah.
-Gimme that dress.
-There you go.
-(grunts, chuckles)
-(laughs)
KATE: Wait, like, a real dinner?
Like, with dinner plates?
(chuckles) Yeah, we're in.
I haven't even left the house
but to take Jack to his music class,
which he loves.
But...
wow, dinner would give me a reason
to actually shower this week.
Hi.
KATE:
Hey, Kev, can I call you back?
Okay.
Bye.
I do shower more than once a week.
-(laughs)
-I do.
Jack, it's Dr. Salzman.
Hi, Jack.
(chuckles)
-How are you?
-Good.
We have missed you volunteering
-in the classroom.
-Oh, I miss it, too.
Yeah, it's just, um,
with the new baby, you know,
it's been a little hectic, so...
By the way,
Jack and I have been singing her
all the songs that we're learning here.
Aren't we, Jack?
Well, with you as her mother,
she's bound to be musical.
-Well, I don't know if she has a choice. (laughs)
-(chuckles)
(cooing)
TOBY:
Yeah. So... (exhales)
What else?
Um...
I told you about my time
with my last company.
-Yes. You did.
-(Hailey babbling)
Sounds like a great experience.
Uh, yeah.
It was.
It was--
it was great.
Um...
(sniffles)
So, that happened.
Look, Terrence,
I know that this isn't going great.
Okay. This is, like,
my 30th interview with no nibbles,
and it's getting kind of difficult
to give my all to a computer screen,
especially when I'm rocking
my newborn daughter
with a nine iron in the garage.
So, uh, can we just cut to the chase?
Uh, do I have a shot at this
or should we just call this one
and put some pants on?
Cutting to the chase?
You're our top candidate, Toby.
Let me talk to my partners
and we'll get back to you.
Wow. Okay. Great.
Thank you so much.
(exhales)
(chuckles)
Did Daddy possibly
just get a new job? Huh?
I think he did.
(gasps)
Wow. You look handsome.
Yeah, Miguel said I should
probably wear a tie to dinner.
You don't think
I look too much like a suck-up?
No.
You're not sucking up.
You are angling for a promotion,
which would be nice,
because diapers are expensive.
Way to put a little pressure on it.
No, no. I'm-I'm not putting
pressure on you.
I think you should just go be yourself
and show those Lundy suits that
you are more than a foreman.
"More than a foreman."
-You're a five-man.
-Ha-ha!
-(chuckles): That was very cute.
-(chuckling)
I know.
I might be sleep-deprived,
but Mama's still got it.
Are you sure
you're gonna be okay here alone
-with the kids tonight?
-Yeah.
You don't want to splurge
and get a sitter?
No.
No, I don't want to splurge.
(crying over monitor)
Seriously, leave while you can.
-All right, wish me luck.
-I would, but you don't need it.
-(crying continues)
-Mm.
(exhales)
No new e-mails?
Nope.
How long does it take
to talk to your partners?
-(fussing) Maybe the guy was
just giving me lip service.
No.
Babe, you're amazing.
They loved you.
You're gonna get the job.
And I think you should let yourself
feel excited about it.
Yeah, I-I would be excited
not to have to dip into our savings,
I'll tell you that much.
(exhales) But you know
what Terrence was telling me?
He was saying that not only
do they offer stock options
but they also-- they have an entire room
dedicated to cereal.
-That's perfect for you.
-I know.
But, look,
c-can we just-- can we just not tell Kevin
about any of this stuff until
we see how this all plays out?
-Okay.
-'Kay. (exhales)
But, babe, he's family.
We can tell him anything.
Yeah, I know.
I just--
If I have to tell him that I lost my job,
I'd rather have a new job
lined up already.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
I wanted to make something special
for what I thought was gonna be your, uh,
last dinner.
But just so I can plan,
how many more dinners we thinking, Mom?
Oh, I'm not sure.
Uh, don't put
too many Scotch bonnet peppers
in that curry.
Not everyone can handle the heat.
I can handle the heat.
Hey, Tess, help me set the table.
I'm gonna go over Alex's for dinner.
Oh, not tonight.
We're gonna have a family dinner.
But you can go over her house
another night.
Oh, my God.
I told you.
It's not "her."
It's "their."
Sorry, sorry.
Their house.
I just got to get used
to using a plural pronoun
in a singular way, you know?
It's actually not that difficult.
We've used "they" singularly
throughout history really.
"Somebody left their umbrella
at the office."
-(doorbell rings)
-See? Simple.
Yup. Right. Simple.
-Hey.
-Hey, Mrs. Pearson.
-BETH: Hey.
Hey, Mrs. Clarke.
Uh, is Randall here?
I got to talk to him about a work thing.
Yeah, he's outside on his porch.
Okay.
I'll just wait here, I guess.
(door opens)
Wow.
This your little hideout, huh?
Not hiding, youngster.
Just, uh, carving out
a little space for myself.
There's a lot of strong,
opinionated women inside.
But now that you're here,
we are evening out the gender scales.
You, me and my new basil plant.
Your basil's a guy?
Actually, basil plants
don't have a gender.
They're pollinated
by small flying insects.
But also, yes, he's a dude.
Uh...
(chuckles)
You all right?
Something on your mind?
Um...
Oh, okay, I'll-I'll just say it.
Um, I-I... I kind of need some advice.
You're coming to me for advice?
You see, that's what I'm talking about.
My daughters never come to me for advice,
and I'm so full
of wonderful advice to share.
Pull up a chair, young brother.
(Randall groans)
(sighs)
What is it?
School, career,
book recommendation, women?
You're dating my daughter,
so it better not be women.
-It's not women.
-(chuckles softly)
No, it's, uh...
it's actually about Janelle,
-my-my kid.
-Okay.
Her mom wants to come back into her life.
Mm.
Okay.
How you feel about that?
(Malik sighs)
Well, when I had her, Jennifer's...
-Uh, J-Jennifer's Janelle's mom.
-Okay.
Her parents wanted
to put the baby up for adoption.
It got real ugly there for a minute.
You know, me and my parents had
to fight like hell
for full custody.
But a couple of days ago,
Jennifer reached out, and...
now she wants to be involved.
I-I mean, I don't... I don't know. I...
I don't have a problem with it,
but I know my parents wouldn't have it.
I don't know.
I-I guess...
I guess I just thought with
everything you've been through,
you'd have some thoughts on it?
It's a tough thing to give advice about.
You know, no two situations
are exactly the same, so...
-(quietly): Right.
-(sighs)
It was a big hole for me,
not knowing my birth mother.
And I finally just got some answers at 40.
(Randall sighs)
So I guess,
if you're asking about my experience,
I would say...
...if I had a chance to know my mom,
it would have saved me
a lot of time in therapy.
Okay.
I know what I'm gonna do.
And if this does not work out,
I will be spending a lot of time
here with you and your basil.
Hey, man, Isaac and I
will appreciate the company.
Oh, God, you named him.
(doorbell rings)
-Who's here?
-KATE: Kevin!
-Hey! Come on in.
-Hey.
What's up?
How you doing, handsome?
KATE:
How are you? Hi.
-Thank you.
-Hi.
(indistinct chatter)
Let me get my first selfie
with my new niece here.
There we go.
Wow.
Your house looks so nice.
Uh, it is not me.
It's our magical nanny.
I just do whatever she tells me.
Here, let's get you guys settled.
-And take her. I have the babies in the back.
-Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Hi, pretty.
Geez, what, are you opening a store?
Yeah, I know, right?
Every single person
I ever worked with got us something.
These right here--
these are called "WubbaNubs."
-Glenn Close sent those over.
-Yeah.
And I got a cabinet full
of diapers from Jessica Alba.
But the best, the best,
my friend, I saved for you.
These are Cohibas
from Leonardo DiCaprio's...
manager.
-If we must.
-I think we must. (phone buzzes)
And I'm looking forward
to catching up with you, you know?
I want to hear everything
that's going on in your life.
I want to hear how many ounces
the baby is eating,
if you guys are planning
on sleep training,
and if you are, when are you
planning on doing that.
What are the words
that are coming out of my mouth?
What the hell has happened to me?
Anyway, are you, uh...?
Tobe, you coming?
Yup. Yeah.
BRAD: Well, I got to put
a little pressure on him.
See if we can get some things
moving down there.
Town's driving him a little nutty.
I swear if I don't get Waterstone's B.O.Q.
by the end of the week, we're moving on.
That's a bill of quantity.
MICHAEL: You've been complaining
about that guy for months.
The only reason
I still do business with him is
he's got seats behind the Pirates dugout
at Three Rivers.
Now, that's a good reason.
You know, Jack is a huge fan
of the Pirates.
You should tell them
your Willie Stargell story.
-Hmm.
-Yeah, come on, tell 'em. It's a great story.
Okay, um... Willie Stargell.
-Mm.
-(clears throat)
So, I was at Rudy's,
uh, the night he hit his 400th home run.
And all of a sudden, in walks Willie.
And the whole place just lights up.
And so, I tried to make my way
over to say congratulations,
and the guy's just-- he's getting mobbed.
I didn't want to hound him,
so I just let it go.
End of the night,
I'm walking out to my car.
There in the parking lot is Willie.
Hmm.
So I figured, this is my chance.
Walk up to him, and say, uh,
"Congratulations.
You know, I'm-I'm a huge fan."
All that.
And as we're there talking,
he tells me he can't find his car,
so I say to him,
"You know, Willie,
it's getting a little late.
How about I just give you a ride home?"
You gave Willie Stargell a ride home?
No.
No, just then, a stretch limo pulls up,
he jumps in, takes off.
-(soft chuckles)
-He never had his car.
That's why he couldn't find his car.
-(laughter)
But I did get to stand in the parking lot
and talk to Pops
for a good ten minutes while
-We looked for that car.
-That's great. -Yeah.
-Mm.
-To Pops. -Pops.
-Pops.
-Pops. (chuckles)
(piano plays soft music)
Wonder if I'll get dad bod.
What is dad bod anyway?
Is that skinny fat, or is that, like, uh,
pear shape, or... who knows anymore?
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
I'm down with dad bod.
Man, I've been thinking a lot
about this whole
fatherhood thing, you know?
You know, like, things
I want for my kids-- our kids--
and, uh, I really want 'em
to all grow up together,
like one big crew, you know?
Camp together, go on vacations together.
This may be a total fantasy,
but, um, there's this property in Malibu
that I've-I've sort of been
Internet stalking.
I was thinking
about buying it now, and then,
later on down the road-- I don't know--
build a... a compound for us or something.
Yeah, I don't think Malibu is my scene.
-No?
-No.
Yeah, you're probably right.
You know, the kids'll end up surfing
and become stoners and then...
Anyway, that's all for later.
You know, I just... I like thinking
about that kind of stuff.
But enough about me.
Enough-enough rambling.
What about you?
How are things with you?
How's, uh... how's work?
-(door opens)
-MADISON: Sushi's here!
Great.
Let's eat.
Okay.
There you go.
-Mm-hmm.
-There you go.
Oh, Miss Bethany, you have certainly
-outdone yourself this evening.
-Oh, it's nothing.
It didn't take too long
to grind the spices by hand.
And then after that,
I just ironed the napkins
and broke out the wedding china,
so it was no biggie.
So, how was everybody's day?
Tess?
Same as yesterday and the day before that
because we're here all the time.
What about you, Malik?
You're not here all the time.
Um, you know, same ol' same ol'.
Life and stuff.
I have something to share.
My new basil plant seems
to be thriving on the porch.
Must be keeping those pH levels
nice and steady.
Or maybe it's the new soil I picked up.
You know, the key is granular aggregates.
H-Hey, little mamas,
no phones at the dinner table.
At my school, the children
had to leave their phones
in their lockers during class
and other important events.
Yup, that's why I have a new phone policy.
Um...
phones in.
-But, Mom...
-In.
You, too, Mr. Same Ol' Same Ol'.
Okay.
But I'm a councilman.
What if there's an emergency?
I'll just let the city burn.
KATE:
You like cigars?
MADISON: Well, Natasha
has all four kids down back there.
Nick spit up in my ear.
-Ooh.
-I have swimmer's ear, but with baby vomit.
-Wow, spoken like a true mom.
-(gasps)
I can't believe we're both moms.
I know.
This is gonna sound awkward,
but thank you
for sleeping with my brother.
-MADISON: Ah, anytime.
-(Kate laughs)
And thank you for inviting us.
-Yes.
-This is awesome. -Mm-hmm.
-Kev, oh, my goodness.
-Yeah. -Mm.
But I think that you bought
enough for, like, an army.
Yeah, I figured we all deserve a treat.
Well, really, thank you.
It's so nice.
-Yeah, thank you.
-Oh, come on.
Anything for you guys, always.
Let's have a toast?
Yes.
MADISON:
To the first
get-together of a new generation.
May they one day care about each other
the way that I do for each of you.
Aw.
Crap.
I'm leaking.
-Uh, don't judge me.
-(Kate laughing)
Wow, so, the twins have been
really quiet all night.
KEVIN:
Yeah, it's the SNOO.
It's a miracle machine.
But you guys know.
-You have one.
-KATE: Uh, no. We rented the one
for Jack, but, uh,
we're not gonna do it this time.
-TOBY: Yeah, we're just gonna go old-fashioned.
-KEVIN: Really?
You know, I-I rock Hailey with my foot.
What?
you don't have a SNOO?
You got to get a SNOO.
I'll get you a SNOO right now.
-TOBY: Kev, it's all right.
-No, no, no.
It's easy.
It's two seconds.
Besides, I didn't get Hailey
-a baby gift yet.
-KATE: We don't need one.
And your lives
are stressful enough as it is.
Okay, it's the least I can do.
Just get this real quick.
Did you tell him?
(scoffs)
Yeah, of course you did,
'cause you guys
tell each other everything.
-Tell me what?
-That's what this is all about.
-KATE: Toby.
-That's why the big sushi spread
and the free SNOO
and the compound in Malibu.
Don't worry, Kev.
I'll find another job.
You lost your job?
Yeah, but it's okay,
'cause he's about to get
a really great job offer.
He had an interview that we feel
really good about.
-Okay.
-Actually, we don't.
I di... I didn't get it.
I found out I didn't get it.
Um, and the job market
is really terrible right now.
There doesn't seem to be much
light at the end of this tunnel,
so I think I'm just gonna fill myself
with as much of this
expensive sushi as possible
until it's army rations for us
from here on out.
MADISON:
Screw the dress.
The entire country's in sweatpants.
What'd I miss?
-Last shrimp?
-Mm-mm.
If I have one more bite,
I'm gonna have to undo my belt,
-and I don't know you two well enough.
-(laughter)
Who knew Pearson had a personality?
Until tonight, we thought you were all
facial hair and flannels.
-Credit card roulette?
-What's that?
We each put in a credit card.
Whichever one the waitress picks,
that guy pays the bill.
Yeah, but Jack, uh,
shouldn't have to put in for that.
He can't expense booze
as an office supply, like you morons.
(laughter)
No, I-I'm in.
Yeah, I'm in.
Look, I just got a Mastercard.
-You sure?
-Attaboy.
All right.
There you go.
Pick one.
(chuckling):
Oh, new guy buys.
-Great. -Thanks.
-Thanks, Jack.
Yeah, thanks, Jack.
Well, they're fools, Toby.
Obviously, you know, any company
would be lucky to have you.
It's just, it's a weird time
right now, you know.
The economy's all over the place,
and these things have a way
of working themselves out.
-Yeah.
-(baby fussing)
-NATASHA: Don't mean to interrupt.
Franny's fussy.
I think she's still hungry.
-Oh, I'll just feed her here.
-Okay.
I'm just gonna reach
for the soy sauce, FYI.
-It's kind of close to your left feeder.
-(Kevin laughs)
I don't care.
We're all family.
Exactly.
And if you guys need anything
to tide you over
until, Toby, you're back on your feet,
you let me know.
We're good, thanks.
Maybe I could go back to work.
I wanted to eventually anyway.
Yeah, I-I don't think
that's the-the best solution.
Why not?
I finally got my degree.
Kate, just realistically speaking,
salary-wise, I would still have to work,
and then we would need childcare, so...
Well, I mean, you could
bring the kids over here.
You know?
We could get another nanny or a teacher.
-Bring 'em over here. -Yeah.
-Could be like our own
-private little day care.
-There you go.
-Exactly.
-They'd be like siblings.
Yeah, they'd all be together, you know.
-I don't know.
-Oh, why not? Come on.
Listen, they'll learn how to, uh...
how to share, right?
They'll learn how to fight,
they'll eat paste together.
We could get a special aid for Jack...
Damn it, Kevin, just stop.
Just stop.
All right, I don't need you
paying for my kids' lives. Okay?
Toby, man, I wasn't
trying to be disrespectful.
I'm just saying, you know, I...
This job that I have,
I make a ridiculous amount of money,
it's stupid money and, you know,
if I could help you out
with it, then-then it wouldn't
be so stupid.
Do you realize how
condescending that sounds?
To make it seem like I'm doing you a favor
taking your handout?
Kevin, I have a career, all right?
20 years' experience;
I can take care of my own family.
That's the whole point.
We're all family.
To me, it's all our money.
No, see-see, you are a family,
and we are a family.
We-We're a normal family, all right,
w-with hand-me-down baby gear
and not enough money.
And you are a family
from some alternate universe,
with platters of sushi and too much money,
and some nanny who does
all the hard work and magically
brings the babies to Madison
when they're hungry.
Okay, hold on a second,
you can come after me,
but not-not Madison.
She's doing an amazing job.
I know she is, I know that.
Sorry.
(baby crying)
That's Hailey.
I'll be right back.
Mmm.
Pretty good.
Could have used a little bit
more Scotch bonnet pepper,
but pretty good.
Well, I think it's delicious.
(phone chimes)
Oh, I'm sorry.
Can I get that?
I think that's my phone.
It might be about Janelle.
-Yeah, of course. Go ahead.
-Thank you.
Oh, so he can go on his phone,
but I can't?
No. If you want to have a baby,
you can use your phone, too.
Did you just tell our 13-year-old daughter
to have a baby?
TESS:
Well, I'm expecting a text from Alex,
so I should be able to look at my phone.
Honey, I know Alex is your best friend,
but you can text her after dinner.
-It's not that serious.
-Oh, my God, how many times
do I have to tell you?
Alex is a "they."
And they're not just
my best friend, we're together.
What, y... do you mean like a couple?
TESS:
Yeah, Mom, like a couple.
I didn't know that.
Did you know that?
-Uh-uh.
-(phone chimes)
Why are you getting
so many texts from Jennifer?
Uh...
Okay, what's going on?
Why do you two keep looking at each other?
MALIK:
Okay, look, here's the deal.
Jennifer wants to be back
in Janelle's life.
BETH:
Um...
may I ask how long you and Alex
have-have been together?
-Three weeks.
-Three weeks?
-I didn't know that.
-Yeah, you keep saying that.
-And you weren't gonna tell me?
-No, no, I was. I was, after dinner.
-I knew you'd react like this.
-BETH: What? React like what?
I'm not reacting like anything.
I just don't understand
why you didn't think you could tell me.
-But you already told Randall.
-RANDALL: He did, and I told him
-about my experience not knowing my mother.
-Oh, did you?
-Is that a part of your mentor program?
-Deja.
See? She always does this.
I told you
if she knew about me and Alex,
she'd figure out a way
to make it about her.
What?
Wait, she told you?
Hey, sweetie, can you give us a minute?
-Can I use your iPad?
-You may.
Take all the time you need.
Ah, so my daughter doesn't think
she can talk to me.
Well, you can add that to your list.
What list?
The running list you keep in your head
-of all the things I can't do right.
-I'm not doing that.
Oh, sure you are.
The curry isn't spicy enough,
and we use our phones at the table,
and I can't control my kids.
Well, you know what,
this is how we are, Mom.
We are loud, and our house is chaotic,
and-and the only time... the only time
I ever feel self-conscious about it
is when you are sitting there judging it.
And-and, like, we can't just
get back to being us
until you go home and take
all the damn judgment with you.
I see.
I'll pack my things.
Did I just...
Yep.
$200?!
$230, actually.
The waitress was good.
I had to tip.
Oh, really, well,
maybe I should get a job there
so I could help pay off your dinner.
Bec, I couldn't have been the only one
who didn't put my card in.
I was... I was so out of place.
I mean, I was sweating in my jacket.
I thought I was gonna puke.
But if these guys
only see me as a foreman,
then I'm never gonna be
anything else to 'em.
Jack, we really needed that money.
I know.
I am sorry.
But hey, that's the good thing
about a credit card, right?
I can just pay it down
over a couple months.
It's fine, babe.
I got this.
He's just been going through a lot.
Losing his job was a real body blow.
No, I-I get it.
It's complicated.
It's just, money... it's the worst.
I mean, growing up,
I never even thought about money.
You know, and looking back, I realize
we didn't have a lot of it.
And three kids.
It wasn't like Dad
was a CEO or anything, you know.
Yet he managed to make sure
we had everything.
Yeah.
Kate, I need you to promise me something.
-What?
-And I know this is just a blip,
but...
Listen, if you're ever strapped for cash,
or if my niece or my nephew
ever need anything,
you got to promise me you'll come to me.
Okay?
What's mine is ours.
-Kev.
-Kate.
What's mine is ours.
Promise me.
I promise you.
(footsteps approaching)
Uh, they're both in a pretty good spot
to transfer to the car, so I think
we should seize the opportunity.
-Okay. I'm gonna go get Jack.
-KEVIN: Yep.
Okay. Uh...
I'm sorry about earlier.
That, uh... it wasn't about you.
It's-- I'm sorry, too.
It's...
Are we okay? 'Cause I just
got done not talking to one brother.
I don't think I can handle
not talking to another one.
Oh, yeah, no, this isn't, uh,
an epic Pearson battle.
It's more of an awkward sushi skirmish.
(chuckles)
Okay.
(quietly):
So...
-Thanks for dinner.
-Yeah.
Let's get them loaded up.
(door opens)
(door closes)
You found my spot.
You think you're the only one
that comes out here
when people are bugging them?
Who do you think
brought the candles out here?
So you're the one responsible
for my fire feature.
I'm really sorry you got upset
about my talk with Malik.
Of course I'm upset.
My boyfriend's ex-girlfriend
is coming back into his life.
At one point, they liked each other
enough to have a baby together.
What if they like each other again?
What?
You know, you are so mature and grown-up
that sometimes I forget
that at the end of the day
you're just a 15-year-old girl
in love for the first time.
Which is why I'm mad at him,
not why I'm mad at you.
(sighs)
Before I came into this family...
...I never had anyone
who was completely in my corner,
but then you came along
and...
...you're my day one.
I'm happy you have a thing with Malik,
but you're supposed to think of me first.
Deja, I am your day one.
And I promise you that I will
always be Team Deja.
First and always.
Hey, look at me.
(exhales)
You want to go through
Jennifer's Instagram
-and trash-talk her?
-What do you think I was just doing?
Come on.
Mm. Mm-mm.
Girl, by what-- duck face with a filter?
I don't think so, Jennifer.
You should tag it.
Let me see the next one.
I shouldn't have raised my voice.
It was disrespectful, and I'm sorry.
You really think I'm judging you?
At every turn, Mom.
Well, you're right,
I am judgmental about some things.
Napkins on laps, hanging jackets up.
That's small.
The big things in your life,
the mess, as you call it?
I'm envious of that.
Do you know what it's like
in my house these days?
It's quiet.
So very quiet.
I've learned to tell the time
not by the clock
but by the sound of traffic.
The sound of other people going about
their full, loud, busy lives.
There are no surprises in my house.
No arguments, no loud man
bellowing about his basil.
That's why I like being here.
(phone line ringing)
(phone buzzing)
-Hi.
I just, I just wanted to call
and say thank you.
Okay.
Can I ask what for?
You know, Dad didn't make a lot of money,
and somehow we never even noticed.
And I think that was because of you.
You know, all of the amazing
homemade Halloween costumes,
the backyard birthday parties
that were better
than Chuck E. Cheese.
How did you make it work?
Well, I did have my tricks.
-(refrigerator opens)
-Hey.
Is now a good time to talk about money?
(sighs)
Babe, I'm exhausted. I...
-Okay. Great.
-(sets bottle on counter)
I am gonna take over the finances.
I know how much we spend,
I know how much we need to save.
And at the beginning of every month,
I'm gonna take
ten percent of your paycheck
and put it in savings.
Okay.
KATE:
Well, you pulled it off so effortlessly.
Even after Dad died.
I don't think I could
handle that kind of curveball.
It was a different time back then.
And, you know,
you were thrown quite a curveball
when Jack was born,
and you really rose to the occasion.
And then you-you doubled down
and brought Hailey into your family.
So if you ever feel like
you can't handle something,
maybe just think about
what you've already done.
(footsteps approaching)
Hey.
What's up?
I just wanted to tell you that...
you're the greatest father
and provider in the world,
and no matter what happens,
I will always one million
percent be on your side.
That's not statistically possible,
but thank you.
(laughs softly)
There's a job at Jack's school.
-A teaching assistant position.
-Kate, I don't, I don't think...
I already talked to Dr. Salzman.
She said that I would be great
for it and she offered it to me.
I'm gonna take it.
Okay.
We're gonna be okay.
-Okay.
-Hey.
-What's this?
Eh, it's just a cooler.
For your porch.
-My porch?
-Mm-hmm.
What's going on here?
All your favorite IPA's in there.
(laughs)
Talk to me, woman.
My mom is staying.
Indefinitely.
Your entire family treats
our house like a Ramada Inn.
It's my turn.
Hmm.
Mwah.
-Enjoy those IPAs, babe.
-Yeah.
BETH:
It's all you.
Ah, see? I told you no one
was gonna eat the octopus,
because the suction cups freak people out.
Yes, I remember.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Yeah, no, I'm-I'm okay, I j-- I just,
I can't stop thinking
about what Toby said.
You know, "his family," "my family."
Yeah, he was just upset.
I know, but he wasn't wrong.
♪ ♪
It's crazy, you know, when you're young,
you-you just picture living in a house
with your mom and your dad
and your brother and your sister
kind of forever.
You know?
Those are...
It's your family.
Those are the people that you
spend so many years
sharing walls with, and then
you wake up and you're 40...
...and my mom is sick
and, uh, I'm still
barely talking to Randall.
And Toby and Kate are...
We're not all gonna live
in a compound together,
-are we?
-Probably not.
Probably not.
(clicks tongue)
Well, that's okay.
That is okay.
It's okay because I'm very excited
to spend the next bunch of years
sharing walls with this family.
My family.
I'm very okay with it just being us.
At least for a while.
-Me, too.
-Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
(knocking at door)
Okay.
Let me get this straight.
You only named one baby
after your favorite uncle?
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH